this one simply says run melissa run
lakisha aisha weighs in his relationship
is so inappropriate with melissa he
needs to get help he is really
disgusting renee marie fall another
stranger on the internet says
well this is excellent just let this guy
talk because this evidence is priceless
melissa has a manipulated
hostage imo really glad she put that imo
at the end you know in my opinion that
that makes it okay totally okay to call
me a manipulated hostage charlie jaws
says
you're miserable because you're with
some 40 year old bald guy that has
mental issues get yourself a young
boyfriend who can drill you hard enough
then you'll be happy
really really great response charlie
really thank you that's going to help me
so much you know as if there isn't any
value in me trying to work on my
relationship with isil as if i didn't
make huge sacrifices to start this
relationship as if this isn't my whole
life as if things will be solved
if i just leave this guy and find some
random young boyfriend to drill me hard
enough then i'll be up yeah
does that sound really smart did you
think at all before writing this and if
you think that the relationship issues
have anything to do with me not getting
drilled hard enough
think again
i have way more orgasms in my
relationship with isil than i did with
my ex and
we have a great sex life what can i say
past time says i'm very worried for
melissa
but if you were worried you'd go to
melissa's own channel and hear her
talking about her own life in our own
terms and then you know what our real
struggles are you know what the real
problems are instead of going to a
gossip channel to a channel
that is making things up out of thin air
that you would see are flagrantly
contradicted
if you just had the fundamental human
decency or human curiosity to hear
melissa's own side of the story
if you have used the internet in the
past five years i think it is impossible
that you have managed to escape this
phrase social media isn't real
many people online say that instagram is
fake what people upload to the internet
is curated they get to control their
image don't compare yourself to what you
see on people's instagrams what you see
on their youtube channel because in a
sense you can never really know what
somebody is going through in their lives
people choose to upload
what they put on the internet and they
can decide they can self-censor they can
decide what they want to put on the
internet in this way it's not real we
don't get a sense of somebody's whole
lived experience
doubtless there is some truth to this i
have to realize that even when i try my
best to portray my life on the internet
when i try to share with people my lived
experience and also try to share with
them what i've read history politics
that there is some element that they
can't really know everything about my
life they can't know everything about
history and politics that all i can
share is just one bit right you can't
get the whole
comprehensive look into somebody's life
just by watching one youtube video but
you can gather a lot
and some people
they're coming on the internet and
they're talking about their real lives
i have come on the internet and
talked about my real life and i've seen
that
it's risky because i have decided to
share things to the internet things that
are meaningful to me talking about
veganism talking about my relationship
with my boyfriend talking about politics
talking about history talking about any
kind of issue if you get on the internet
you are likely to get some kind of hate
and response and
this is a factor of life that we all
have to get used to in the 21st century
if you want to be a person on the
internet you are going to get some kind
of response from people that are
crazy that are stupid and you have to
deal with that and not let it get to you
and if i see that people have commented
on the videos that i've recorded with my
boyfriend in the past talking about our
relationship why would i respond at all
you know why would i dignify these
responses with a video talking about it
somebody named rtm9 writes wow i had to
unsubscribe from him because of the way
i saw him treat his current partner
melissa
she looks so controlled and brainwashed
and like she's stepping on eggshells
it's so sad to hear him say to her
you're not that beautiful you're not a
good musician etc and branding it as
being honest and practical and being a
realist etc when in fact it's so obvious
he is primarily saying these things to
hurt her confidence and keep her in
feeling like she is dependent on him a
partner shouldn't say things in the way
that he says things even if they are
true
and honestly his current girlfriend is
actually quite attractive
if you actually take the time to listen
to isil's videos if you try to
understand what he's getting across
you wouldn't have this reaction you
wouldn't take this shallow point from
what has been discussed on his youtube
channel like if you read back what you
say like you're saying that a partner
should lie to their partner
a partner shouldn't say these things
even if they are true so
the fact that i haven't played music in
10 years that i'm not a practicing
musician that i really don't have any
right to call myself a musician anymore
because i don't play music if he said
that i'm not a good musician
it's
true i mean i i haven't been practicing
that's not been my goal in life
is the role of your partner in life just
to flatter you constantly to give you a
false impression of your abilities on
his channel isil discusses beauty and
sexuality and attractiveness in a very
nuanced way that has been really helpful
for me and it's been really helpful for
quite a few people who have watched his
youtube videos it is important to be
honest and realistic
it is important not to lie to yourself
about beauty it's important not to lie
to yourself about your own abilities
i think it's an important issue in many
people's lives that they've only
received encouragement they've only
received positive feedback from other
people and it prevents them from growing
it prevents them from becoming a better
person when they don't have criticism
when people are in effect lying to them
or flattering them because they want
something from them you know like is the
idea that because
some man wants sex from me that he will
give me compliments when he doesn't
really mean them like that's not good
either that's that's manipulative that's
actually manipulating somebody but if
you're honest with them if you're trying
to help them improve or you know do
something with their lives and give them
valuable criticism that that means
something the people who leave these
comments on these gossip videos it
spreads these lies it spreads this
misinformation about what isil actually
says in his videos and if nobody takes
the time out of their life to listen to
what he says i think they're missing out
on pretty valuable insight and
philosophizing on these issues that
could help people in their lives this
was a comment i received prior to
turning off comments on my youtube
channel from somebody who calls
themselves durianrider but clearly is
not durianrider himself isil is a
narcissist you should steer clear of him
get out while you have your mind intact
this one is a doozy and it's really
doubling down on the narcissism idea
and it's getting pretty dark here
i've seen a lot of this on the internet
that if anybody has a relationship
problem the default is to label the man
as a narcissist
and to tell the woman to get out and get
on with their lives you know start with
somebody else
as though
there couldn't be some other explanation
as to why the relationship is having
issues and there couldn't be some value
in trying to work through issues in a
relationship to grow as people in
relationships no no let's just label
somebody a narcissist some vague term
to try to describe somebody's behavior
okay
so this is miss
fittes henry's bugsy brown
thank you for making this video this
situation is extremely sad i've been
following it for three years this is
somebody's really dedicated somebody's
been following
our relationship for this long okay
there's nothing we can do i write this
letter in vain melissa you are better
off alone forever
improbable worst case scenario than
giving some of your best years to this
cerebral narcissist oh it's not just a
narcissist he's a cerebral narcissist
this is some further classification of
narcissism
right now you're still the best narc
supply available to him definitely the
primary source will feeling special that
way be enough for you over the coming
years decades even has it been worth it
to this point be honest with yourself
you can never get the time back you
spent in misery trying to please him one
day if all goes well you will wake up to
the fact that you wasted some of your
best years trying to impress this guy
getting embarrassed online by him on his
channel for all to witness feeding his
ego just to feel special to someone you
admire as being intellectually superior
etc he may even find better primary narc
supply one day and that will hurt more
than you can imagine
even regardless of being in an open
relationship
you've already lowered your standards
just to keep them in your life it's not
worth it you don't have to do this there
are better ways to truly grow as a
person and feel special and if you
really need it there are cerebral narc
and other intellectual content ideas
discussion critiques etc available on
youtube for free without personally
putting up with the embarrassment and
emotional abuse if you want to read the
rest of the comment i have it on screen
but i'm not going to read the rest of
this comment to my audience it's very
insulting to my boyfriend
and it's insulting to me too perpetually
annoyed responds to this long message by
saying i agree i picked up on his
narcissism and her codependence right
away because i was in a bad marriage
just like that i'm sorry about your bad
marriage and i'm sorry that what you've
seen you've interpreted as being this
situation where
isil is narcissistic and i'm codependent
and
agreeing with all the things that she
said
uh that were insulting about my
boyfriend you know uh it's
it's very sad to see this
these are all just strangers on the
internet passing judgment on me and
passing judgment on the relationship
they don't even put their real names
they aren't
putting themselves out there they aren't
showing who they are
they're just talking about us they're
just gossiping about us and they're
making really in-depth examinations of
our relationship it's it's a bizarre
thing to behold really it is surreal to
behold because i have come on the
internet and talked about my
relationship with my boyfriend i feel
like when i see some of these comments i
have some kind of obligation to defend
my honor to defend my boyfriend's honor
to defend the honor of our relationship
the dignity of our relationship before
comments were turned off on abalasiel
videos i would see the comments i knew
what people were saying about our
relationship in response to those videos
and afterwards other videos have been
made talking about abolisielle talking
about my boyfriend's youtube channel
talking about me talking about me
breaking up with my boyfriend and uh
encouraging me to break up with my
boyfriend like you know what a lot of
people don't have that in their lives
even people on the internet who are a
couple like they don't have this kind of
antagonistic
response where people are saying
you know
break up with your boyfriend like leave
him he's abusive he's cruel he wants you
to be his slave you know any kind of
horrible cruel things to say about the
nature of our relationship
have been said
and usually not even by people i know
but yes sometimes the deepest
connections that i have with other
people have been really compromised by
what they've said about my relationship
with isil and it's really had a negative
impact on me it's had a negative impact
on isil because i have responded in a
way that
i was hurt and i started feeling
negatively i started internalizing some
of these things i decided that it was
worth it to come on camera and talk
about our relationship to talk about the
meaningful things that we have discussed
about sexuality about jealousy about
open relationships about breaking up and
getting back together about mistreating
isil you know these things i wanted to
talk about because i felt like they were
valuable i felt like somebody could
learn from my experience and not repeat
my mistakes you know that's that's part
of why we share regrets in life with
with people that we know is so that
number one maybe they can learn from our
experience and not not do that in their
own lives but also number two you know
that we show that we've had some
self-reflection some analysis
and that we can be better people when we
realize what we've done wrong we can
make amends and improve
who we are we can try to be better
people any of these people that are
commenting in our relationship that are
commenting on my psychology that are
commenting on isil's psychology that are
talking about the psychology of our
relationship
these are deeply personal things
that
is beside the point from the actual
content what we are actually trying to
share with the audience what i was
trying to share you know i was
i was being very real and very honest uh
even to the point that i didn't really
have a concept of performing for the
audience i wasn't acting i wasn't
putting on a show for anybody um
that was that was really how i was
feeling at that time you know i shared
these things on the internet partly
because i felt it was worth it
this was my life if somebody could watch
that and relate or they could say wow
i've been there you know or
if i'm there i know how not to act i
know how not to respond right like
taking some lesson from it um that to me
that is so valuable that means so much
to me even if i can be an example for
somebody to learn from i can't even put
it into words how much
is philosophy on life has shaped who i
am today it's made me into a person who
is motivated to learn that's motivated
to try and educate motivated to make
youtube videos motivated to be a
positive influence in other people's
lives this is what he's inspired me to
to be to become
and that's a wonderful thing there's
nothing undignified about that it's good
to have standards for what you expect in
a relationship and if people aren't
meeting your standards you either break
up with them or you give them an
ultimatum that you they need to do
better and there's nothing wrong with
that if somebody is unhappy in a
relationship consistently and they say
to the person why they're unhappy if the
other person says i will do this i
understand you're unhappy but i will
change and they try to make it work but
it doesn't over and over again you know
that
is why people break up that's partly why
relationships fail it happens all the
time you know um but i have been
particularly
very difficult to deal with in this
relationship and isil has put a lot of
time and effort into improving my life
into building me up helping me learn
chinese
just the fact that i got to live in
china i got to live in taiwan thanks to
isil you know i got to learn the chinese
language i got to
learn to be an esl teacher i got to take
care of his daughter in france just
think alone of my moving to china and
moving in with isil
he didn't expect me to pay rent i worked
as an esl teacher
who would do that for you like who would
offer their home to you offer to teach
you to be an esl teacher offer to help
help you learn chinese teach you chinese
like that is incredible what isil did
for me
that
wouldn't be possible otherwise i
wouldn't have done it otherwise there i
wouldn't have had that adventurous
period in my life i i didn't have that
internally that that motivation to
explore and and live somewhere else and
and grow as a person i wouldn't have
gone to france multiple times and i
wouldn't have had the experience of
taking care of his daughter which was so
meaningful to me we had this wonderful
connection that i got to be
a step parent to her i got to be a
second mother to her not for very long
but when i did it meant a lot to me to
have that connection with a child you
know to have a connection with my
boyfriend's child that i could be like a
second mother to her as well has brought
so much positive into my life and i've
changed my life for the better so much
because of him like he is the reason why
i am able to talk to you on this video
is the reason why
i am able to talk about things on the
internet to verbalize a lot of the
things that were repressed that i wasn't
able to explain
in the past you know i still
i still am working on a lot of things
that happened in the past in my life but
i'm able to talk about it i'm able to be
honest and i'm able to not live with
shame and
overwhelming guilt and wanting to
disappear you know like i have periods
of time where i deleted my instagram or
sorry deactivated my instagram a period
of time where i haven't been uploading
to youtube because i just wanted to give
up on everything like i just
i just didn't want to be out there
anymore i didn't want to be in this
world anymore you know like i have been
through a lot in these past four years a
lot of emotional growth and i can only
think of positive ways that he has
influenced my life that he has made me a
better person you know that i have been
able to talk about some of the things
that used to be really upsetting to me
that used to be
everything involving my ego you know
like i used to be really hung up on a
lot of things that i'm not anymore that
i've moved past
one thing that isil said to me once that
really struck me was like okay
maybe this was
the big thing to you at this time in
your life like maybe this is what really
bothered you for a long time but can't
you move past that can't you say okay
that was who i was in the past but today
i'm somebody else i'm not gonna let that
be who i am forever i'm not gonna let
that be
the one thing that is going to take over
my life like you can take charge of how
you're feeling you can take charge of
your emotions what you do the only
person you can control is yourself you
can only change yourself you can't
change how other people perceive you you
can't change how the world is going to
respond when you try
genuinely to share your life with them
uh
and
yeah
i it would really hurt if somebody said
oh this is fake you know oh social media
is fake youtube is fake what you've
shared to the internet it's not real
right
no you don't know my whole life you
don't know everything that i've
struggled with you will never know the
whole
story of my life you will never know all
the things that i have struggled with
and i won't know what anybody else has
struggled with all the way because
there's only so much that we can know
about people's lives but what i've
shared has been real so much so that i
didn't really even have a concept of
acting or performing for an audience for
quite some time
kind of embarrassing i know um
but yeah no i i didn't really think that
like oh i'm performing for somebody this
is this is an audience that i'm
performing to right but no when i think
of it like this is a crowd of 10 20
people this is a crowd of 100 people
that i'm talking to i'm sharing my life
with you what are you going to gain from
this you know um what i want to say here
is that
social media is real you know what you
share to the internet that is a
reflection of you that is a reflection
of your society that is a reflection of
what you want to present to the world
and it really matters okay social media
is real instagram is real these are the
platforms that we have today more so
than ever to display who we are to talk
about what matters to us to share with
the world what we're reading to talk
about the books that we've been reading
to talk about
why it matters to us and share with
others to enrich the lives of other
people that
we would have no way of knowing
beforehand like prior to the internet
prior to social media
so to me i feel like this is such a
negative response to what
what we have the potential that we have
for social media the potential that we
have for instagram the potential that we
have for youtube the very fact that i
can record this video upload it to
youtube share my life with somebody is
significant it matters we can watch
other people's videos learn from their
experiences and either try to learn from
them and not repeat some of their
mistakes which i i wish i would have
seen a lot of youtube content recently
that i've seen i wish i would have seen
it when i was 18. i wish i would have
seen it when i was even younger than
that like really we have this amazing
potential that when i was younger i
really felt like
that didn't exist you know like there
were some places where you could share
music you could share your face you know
you could go to forums but it's not the
same as sharing your life this way and
trying to find others reaching out to
others who might be able to relate
people who might be able to learn from
your experience people might be inspired
to change their lives because of what
you share on the internet so it is
discouraging and it has been very
detrimental to
my view of this relationship my view of
what i'm doing on the internet to see
negative comments about my boyfriend to
see negative comments about our
relationship to see negative comments
about me to have people online
psychoanalyzing me and talking about
my issues with codependence
dude you you don't know me you
don't know what i've done you don't know
what kind of bad person i am
you don't know what kind of good person
i could be you know you don't know me
but what i am trying to share really
mattered at one point or the other and
to see somebody just making cruel
judgments on my character on my
boyfriend's character rather than
being a
positive person and trying to learn
something from what we're sharing just
being snide and saying hurtful things if
people come online and share their
experiences like i have respect for that
i know what it's like to come online now
and talk about my life and have people
i don't even know talk about it and and
see what people say you know it it
really can mess with your sense of self
your your your own ego
that that's been a big problem for me
like dealing with my own ego realizing
in my 20s you know that i hadn't
addressed a lot of these things about my
own ego that i should have probably
accomplished when i was in my teenage
years but
people mature at different rates people
grow when they want to grow people
change when they want to change they
will learn these lessons when they want
to learn them
and when you're on the internet when you
put yourself out there on the internet
it really pushes you to learn a lot
about yourself and if you want to take
advantage of that fully you know push
yourself to learn and try to share real
content with others i mean there is
there is value in sharing your life but
there is also content and sharing like
how you're trying to intellectually
enrich yourself what it is that you're
reading what it is that you're thinking
what matters to you politically what
what can you do to change the world
i want to talk about veganism on the
internet because this is the most
important thing to me and i think
everybody else that's close to me is
sick of hearing me talk about veganism
at this point so yeah at a certain point
you want to reach out to the people
online who who feel you you know who
have this in common with you who could
start something with you who could do
something with you
um yeah that that is the power that we
have on the internet and it it is sad to
see people misusing it and to see people
just making
harsh remarks uh
psychoanalyzing and
you know for what you know what is this
accomplishing other than just
trying to prove that you are
better than me or better than my
boyfriend because we have the
we have the audacity to come online and
talk about our relationship yeah
yeah we do
i want to talk about my relationship
with isil i want to talk about all these
things because it meant it meant a lot
to me when when they were happening when
i was going through all these
uh when i was going through all these
mental breakdowns about
about our relationship you know that has
been hugely formative and and hard for
me to deal with and i've really grown
from it unfortunately my having these
mental breakdowns was really traumatic
for isil like it was
terrible for him to live with me
going through these growing pains and he
didn't have to do that you know nobody
had to do that for me nobody had to take
care of me when i was
weeping you know nobody had to help me
but isil did help me and i've been able
to philosophize and talk about things
that i wasn't able to even like
verbalize at the start of our
relationship you know i was very
immature about sexuality it's very
immature about open relationships it was
very immature talking about uh
aristotle you know
i was very immature talking about
philosophy which i'm still learning i
don't think i'm at the level where i can
i can really share something really
meaningful i'm i want to be able to talk
about these issues i wanted to be able
to talk about philosophy i want to be
able to talk about politics
that can portray something to the
audience that i can that i can get
something creative out you know i want
to be creative with some of the things
that i've learned i want to share with
others what i've learned i want to
enrich somebody's life with the
knowledge that i'm able to gain what i'm
able to talk about with other people
this really matters to me and this
really matters to my boyfriend me and my
boyfriend we want to do this and yeah
coming online talking about personal
struggles talking about relationship
struggles there is also some role for
that that
it means something it meant a lot to
some people i think there is something
to be learned from my
issues in this relationship my issues
like i think somebody can take what
they've seen from me and and
whether it's a negative lesson to say
well i wouldn't approach it that way
uh if i found myself in that situation i
wouldn't do it that way good you know
like i'm i'm happy for you like i want
everybody to be less pathetic than me
you know i have come on the internet and
shown myself to be pathetic i have shown
myself in very unflattering light
um
but that was real you know like i am
okay with being real online and
damn it took a lot it took a lot of
growth it took a lot of
reflection and it took a lot of being
okay with being seen as stupid being
seen as
ugly being seen as
immature being seen as
ignorant
any any of this you know this was not
easy
but
this is who i this is who i am this is
who i was you know
that's that's it's real what i've shared
it's real it's not everything it's not
my whole life but yeah i think it's
valuable yes we all have the option of
only uploading flattering pictures of us
to the internet we have the option of
only recording youtube videos on a day
when we don't have pimples on our face
and then deciding that we'll share only
when we look good or only when we share
something positive or
flattering about ourselves but we also
have the option of sharing our real
struggles and unflattering things like
things that really happen that are
terrible but have made you who you are
today you know social media is real if
you want it to be real
instagram is real if you make it real if
you share your real life but youtube you
have this powerful way of sharing your
voice of sharing your face of sharing
your body
of getting something out there on the
internet that is really you at that
moment and that's wonderful that's real
social media can be real if you make it
real youtube can be real if you make it
real
you